Now, let's take the starter code in
the previous slide and actually build a working application together.
So now we're back in our workspace and we're actually
looking at our first Faust application.
So the first thing that we're going to do,
as we saw on the slides,
is actually define our Faust app.
So we're going to uncomment this.
The first argument to our Faust application is always the name of the application.
So we're just going to call this application Helloworld Faust.
The next argument you supply is the broker URL which in this case,
is going to be localhost 1992,
as it's been in all of our previous exercises.
Next, we're going to define the topic,
and this is analogous to the Kafka topic that we're interested in consuming from.
So we're going to uncomment this and
simply provide the name of the topic that we're interested in.
Now, we're going to be using the same two topics throughout
these samples and you'll be using the same handful of topics throughout your exercises.
If you want to see what those are,
you can always use the kafka-topics client list and then
we'll see com.udacity.streams.purchases, com.udacity.stream.users.
You'll have two different streams in
your exercises but you can check out the notes in your exercise documentation for more.
For now, we're going to be using this stream.
Let's copy that name, paste it in,
and the only thing left to do is decorate our function with an app agent.
So remember, the app comes from the Faust app.
We're going to pass in the topic here,
so this essentially says,
you don't want to delete that at.
So this essentially says,
that we're going to create a topic on this app
and then anytime an event occurs in this topic,
we're going to call this purchase function.
Now remember, this function is defined asynchronously
as is this for-loop and these are required by the Faust framework.
So purchases is essentially a stream and every time an event occurs
in this infinite stream of data, we get this purchase.
So that loop will iterate and then we can do anything we want this purchase.
In this case, we're simply going to print it.
Finally, notice that in this if name equals main block, we've defined app.main.
This is the same app as the Faust app above.
All this says, is that if you were to run this file sample1.py,
that it should use the app.main function.
So let's see what happens if I simply run sample1.py, without any arguments.
You'll notice that if I got to
single document mode that it prints out a bunch of options.
So you can see Python sample1.py,
you can see it gives us usage options and a number of commands.
Specifically, we're interested in the worker command.
This will actually run the application that we've defined as a Faust worker,
which is what we'd want for now.
So we'll say Python sample1.py worker.
We'll go ahead and wait.
So you can see the Faust application is starting up,
it tells us a little bit of information about what
the underlying components it's using are which
Kafka broker is subscribed to and now you can see it's consuming data,
purchase data from our stream.
To shut it down we hit "Control C" and then we can see it will shut down and then exit.
All right and that is your first ever Faust application.